OPTION -help
Print a help screen to the screen and terminate.
ARGUMENTS: name, where name is the name of a particular command 
that the user wants help.
OPTION -group1
Specify the first teamfile to be used for the -distance facility.
ARGUMENTS: teamfile, where teamfile is the name of a file describing
a valid teamfile. The parameter teamfile can have also the values
aromatic, aliphatic, positive or negative.
OPTION -group2
Specify the second teamfile to be used for the -distance facility.
ARGUMENTS: teamfile, where teamfile is the name of a file describing
a valid teamfile. The parameter teamfile can have also the values
aromatic, aliphatic, positive or negative.
OPTION -psf
Specify the psf file to be used. The user MUST provide this parameter.
ARGUMENTS: filename, where filename is the name of the psf file.
OPTION -dcd
Specify the dcd file to be used. Teh user MUST provide this parameter.
ARGUMENTS: filename, where filename is the name of the dcd file.
OPTION -seq
Set the sequence where the search will be applied. This option affects
the last search enabled. 
ARGUMENTS: seqlist, where seqlist is a comma separated list of 
sequnces such as P:I1-I2 where P is a chain and I1, I2 residue numbers.
OPTION -cutoff
Set the critical search parameters.
ARGUMENTS:  distance,percent,angle. The argument distance 
specifies the critical distance (default 5.5)
The argument percent specifies the critical percent (default 0.05) 
and the argument angle the critical angle (default 120).
OPTION -first
Set the first frame of the dcd file that will be used. 
ARGUMENTS: frame, where frame is a positive integer. 
The default value is 1.
OPTION -last
Set the last frame of the dcd file that will be used. 
ARGUMENTS: frame, where frame is a positive integer. 
The default value is INT_MAX.
OPTION -skip
Set the frames of the dcd file to be skipped.
ARGUMENTS: count, where count is a positive integer.
The default value is no skip (1).
OPTION -tors
Enable the search for dihedral angles. The user MUST 
provide a sequence to search using the -seq option.
ARGUMENTS: angle_list, where angle_list is a comma
separated list of phi, psi, omega, chi1 or the 
wildcards all, sidechain, backbone.
OPTION -hbonds
Enable the search for hydrogen bonds. The user could
provide a sequence to search using the -seq option.
OPTION -smart
Specify the parameters for smart search.
ARGUMENTS: skip,distance where skip speficies the amount of 
frames to be skipped and the argument distance the distance that 
will be used in the comparisons.
OPTION -donor
Enable the search for donors if it is provided before acceptors
and the search for acceptors otherwise.
ARGUMENTS: don_list, where don_list is a comma separated list
of the values backbone, sidechain, water, protein, all.
OPTION -acceptor
Enable the search for acceptors if it is provided before donors
and the search for donors otherwise.
ARGUMENTS: acc_list, where acc_list is a comma separated list
of the values backbone, sidechain, water, protein, all.
OPTION -rdf
Enable the rdf search facility. 
ARGUMENTS: rdf_id, rdf_criteria 
OPTION -radious
ARGUMENTS: radious,radious_step,radious_max
OPTION -volume
ARGUMENTS: value, xst_file, xst_freq.
OPTION -rmsf
Enable the rmsf printing.
OPTION -res
ARGUMENTS: aminoacid list.
OPTION -bturn
Enable the beta turn search facility. The user could provide
a sequence to search using the -seq option.
OPTION -distance
ARGUMENTS:atom1-atom2.
OPTION -angle
ARGUMENTS:atom1-atom2-atom3.
OPTION -dihedral
ARGUMENTS:atom1-atom2-atom3-atom4.
OPTION -stack
Enable the search stacking facility. 
ARGUMENTS: percent,distance,angle.
OPTION -watbridge
Enable the search for water bridges. The user could provide 
a sequence to search using the -seq option.
OPTION -psfanal
Analyze the psf file displaying information about it. The 
user can constrain the analysis providing a sequence 
with the -seq option.
OPTION -salt3
Enable the salt search facility. The user should provide
a sequnce to search using the -seq option.
OPTION -salt2
Enable the complex salt search facility. The user should provide
a sequnce to search using the -seq option.
OPTION -noe
Enable the noe search facility. The user should provide a sequence
using the -seq option. 
OPTION -hist
Enable or disable the histogram printing. This option affects all
search options such as dihedrals, distances etc.
ARGUMENTS: value, where value can be 1 (enable the histograms) or
0 (disable the histograms).
OPTION -side1
Set the first side team for the side dist facility. 
ARGUMENTS: string, where string can be aromatic, aliphatic, positive, negative.
OPTION -side2
Set the second side team for the side dist facility. 
ARGUMENTS: string, where string can be aromatic, aliphatic, positive, negative.
OPTION -bindist
Set the value of bindistance.
ARGUMENTS: value, where value is a double prevision value.
OPTION -binangle
Set the value of binangle.
ARGUMENTS: value, where value is a double prevision value.
OPTION -bindihe
Set the value of bindihedral.
ARGUMENTS: value, where value is a double prevision value.
